# Operator_Helper

This is my scaffolding to simplify creation of an Operator for Open-Horizon deployment onto Kubernetes clusters. I built this for RedHat's OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) but I think it should still work in other Kubernetes environments. I also built this for the IBM Edge Application Manager commercial deployment of Open Horizon, but it should work for other (e.g., open source only) Open Horizon deployments too. Also, I used an Open Horizon "deployment pattern" style of deployment here, but the "policy" style deployment will of course also work fine. I created some example policy fiiles tp help you go that route. Edit them to have more appropriate properties and constraints for your application.

You will need to begin by filling in at least all of the empty/undefined variables in both `my_env` and `horizon/my_hzn_env` files, and any others you feel should change. Note that I hard-coded TCP port 8000 for my example web service, so you will need to edit that number if your service binds to a different container port. If you need to bind too multiple ports, or a port in the reserved range, you will need to modify more things. I also set an environment varriable caled `MY_VAR` for my example. If you want you can change this to something more appropriate for your application. If you need more variables, yoour will need to modify the `horizon/service.json` file. Similarly if you need to add resources (e.g., GPU resources) to your "deployment", or any other artifacts in the `src` directory, then you will need to do that before you run the `make build` step.

When you are ready, run `make`. That will give you some brief info, tell you to edit the above files, and then also tell you what command to run next. The next command will then lead you to the following step, and so on.
